<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:pls="http://www.w3.org/2005/01/pronunciation-lexicon" xmlns:ssml="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>Creating animation on the single page</title>
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="style.css" />
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="core.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="sbo-rt-content"><section>

                            <header>
                    <h1 class="header-title">Creating animation on the single page</h1>
                </header>
            
            <article>
                
<p>Now, we will use an animation on the <kbd>single.html</kbd> page. Open the <kbd>single.html</kbd> file with the Sublime Text editor.</p>
<p>Next, we will link each of the images on the home page to the <kbd>single.html</kbd> page. We'll just link the first one here. In the <kbd>index.html</kbd> page, put the <kbd>&lt;a&gt;</kbd> tag that will go to <kbd>single.html</kbd> as shown in the following code:</p>
<pre>&lt;div class="w3-col m9 l9"&gt;<br/>  &lt;div class="w3-row"&gt;<br/>    &lt;div class="w3-col m4 l4 pic"&gt;<br/>     <strong> &lt;a href="single.html"&gt;</strong><br/>        &lt;img src="images/1.jpg" class="w3-animate-opacity"&gt;<br/>      <strong>&lt;/a&gt;</strong><br/>    &lt;/div&gt;  </pre>
<div class="packt_tip">You could put this tag for the rest of the images if you want, but it doesn't really matter. This is just the HTML; this isn't the actual theme.</div>
<p>Refresh the home page and click on the first image. This will take us to the <kbd>single.html</kbd> page. We will now copy the code that's in <kbd>index.html</kbd> and put it in the <kbd>single.html</kbd> page.</p>
<p>Next, we will empty up the 9-column div, everything else is going to stay the same. After removing the 9-column div, our code will look like this in the <kbd>single.html</kbd> page:</p>
<pre>    &lt;div class="w3-col m3 l3"&gt;<br/>      &lt;ul class="w3-ul"&gt;<br/>        &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href="#"&gt;Nature&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;<br/>        &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href="#"&gt;Animals&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;<br/>        &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href="#"&gt;Objects&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;<br/>        &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href="#"&gt;People&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;<br/>        &lt;li&gt;&lt;a href="#"&gt;Abstract&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;<br/>      &lt;/ul&gt;<br/>    &lt;/div&gt;<br/>    &lt;div class="w3-col m9 l9"&gt;<br/><br/>    &lt;/div&gt;<br/>  &lt;/div&gt;<br/><br/>  &lt;footer&gt;<br/>    &lt;p&gt;PhotoGenik &amp;copy; 2017&lt;/p&gt;<br/>  &lt;/footer&gt;<br/>&lt;/body&gt;<br/>&lt;/html&gt;</pre>


            </article>

            
        </section>
    </div>
</body>
</html>