<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:pls="http://www.w3.org/2005/01/pronunciation-lexicon" xmlns:ssml="http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>What this book covers</title>
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="style.css" />
  <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="all" href="core.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="sbo-rt-content"><section>

                            <header>
                    <h1 class="header-title">What this book covers</h1>
                </header>
            
            <article>
                
<p><a href="b273bb09-f622-4e35-8c16-0884cdbf5322.xhtml">Chapter 1</a>, <em>Creating a Simple Theme with WordPress</em>, is an introductory project chapter. We'll discuss about the files which we need to create for our theme, the syntax, and the dynamic snippets.</p>
<p><a href="8b3befb9-a246-404f-86b5-9271607afc87.xhtml">Chapter 2</a>, <em>Building a WordPress Theme</em>, is a project chapter that goes in depth and uses advanced concepts to build a WordPress theme, including custom template and home pages, archived pages, and post formats.</p>
<p><a href="7d23425a-c730-418a-9c20-1f05481df839.xhtml">Chapter 3</a>, <em>Building a WordPress Theme for Photo Gallery</em>, is about a project to build a WordPress theme for a photo gallery. We're going to use the w3.CSS framework and also some simple animations to build the theme.</p>
<p><a href="36aaf6f0-dc0b-4d60-bd52-799d84832bc4.xhtml">Chapter 4</a>, <em>Building a Twitter Bootstrap WordPress Theme</em>, is a project chapter that explains integration of Bootstrap with WordPress. This is going to be our chapter to use Wordstrap for our Twitter Bootstrap to implement our WordPress theme. We are also going to use WP nav walker, which is a class we can have for drop-down menus.</p>
<p><a href="2801fa10-2b56-45c2-8442-3c6dc7aca624.xhtml">Chapter 5</a>, <em>The Foundation E-Commerce Theme</em>, is about building an e-commerce theme using the foundation framework, which is similar to the Bootstrap framework.</p>


            </article>

            
        </section>
    </div>
</body>
</html>